---
layout: essay
type: essay
published: true
title: Hackers Know English Too
date: 2017-09-07
labels:
  - Communication
  - Questions
  - Forums
---

One of the aspects I personally love about the hacker community is that more often than not, when you interact on forums you are addressing peers — fellow hackers who communicate in a fairly “normal” everyday vernacular. As an amusing side thought, can you imagine if it were otherwise? Consider this (hopefully fictional) post regarding a videogame:

“To the distinguished pundits of this esteemed academic caucus known as Reddit (henceforth referred to as “the forum”), I hereby present for your sensible deliberation the following predicament encountered whilst partaking in the escapades of the preeminent videogame Star Wars Battlefront II (henceforth referred to as “the game”)…”

Now take the above and compare it to the intended question presented in English:

“After installing the AMD Radeon R9 360 graphics card, I began encountering random green and red textures when I tried playing Star Wars Battlefront II…”

Easily three times as much information in half as many words. That’s how hackers roll.

While it may be true that hackers do not use a highly formal style of communication, this certainly does not mean that any odd statement or question is acceptable to present in (largely online) discussions. For example: I was entering the world of JavaScript from a C/C++ background and needed to find the size (or, length?) of an array. I googled “javascript array size or length” and found this Stack Overflow discussion thread. My first thought was, “Ah perfect, someone has already asked the question for me.” After a couple seconds of reading, my next thought was, “Oh. Well, thanks for volunteering as tribute.” The question posed was the difference between Array.size() versus Array.length in JavaScript.

Except native JavaScript doesn’t have a .size() method.

So while I did quickly learn the answer to my own question, I did so with a slight grimace on my face as I read several responses all essentially saying (sometimes in bolded text) the cold-hard truth. For the record, a couple respondents did point out that the .size() method can be found in libraries including jQuery, but ultimately the original question poster received the same answer in several different flavors.
